Once upon a time, there is internet.
You know, a bunch of computers
all connected by wires.
One person on a computer
can read documents
from another person's computer
using a language called HTML.
Each computer's web browser
can properly display these documents.
Add success to the mix, and you've got
a beautifully styled web page.
It is important to note
that neither HDMI out
nor CSR programming languages.
Back in 1995, a few people at Netscape
started to wonder what
if there was a way
to write a computer program
for the browser?
This way, when HDMI access gets sent
from one computer to another,
you can also send over some programs.
All this code
would run in someone's web browser
and create an even better user experience.
Thus, JavaScript was born.
You're probably familiar with Twitter.
They use a lot of JavaScript
on their web page
to do things such
as opening up a tweet in a bigger window,
for instance.
Also, any of the actions below a tweet
will trigger some JavaScript to be run
if I click the star to favorite a tweet.
JavaScript will tell the server.
This tweet is now a favorite
if I click on reply.
You can see the JavaScript behavior
at work yet again.
It focuses on the expanded reply box.
All of this behavior
is made possible by JavaScript.
It's worth mentioning
that Java is not JavaScript.
They are two separate
programming languages.
JavaScript is not just for programming
in the browser,
but on servers, game programming databases
and even robots.
Robots are only limited
by our imagination.
Are you excited yet to get started?
If you're new to these parts,
please take a moment to play
through our free five minute tutorial
on JavaScript, Gqom,
or you can head over
to our Getting Started page,
where we've curated a list of free places
to learn on our news page.
You can submit your own JavaScript news.
Read what other people have posted.
Subscribe to our weekly newsletter
or listen to our podcast.
Welcome to the wonderful world
of JavaScript.
We hope you enjoy your stay.
Awesome. Let's try it.